[Cache] Removes pages rules from cache docs (#14777)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cache/cache-security/cache-deception-armor.md

## Cache Deception Armor protects against attacks

> You can protect users from Web Cache Deception attacks by creating a [cache rule](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/create-dashboard/). With this rule, you can continue to cache static assets, but the rule will verify a URL's extension matches the returned `Content-Type`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can protect users from Web Cache Deception attacks by [creating a cache rule](/cache/cache-security/cache-deception-armor/#enable-cache-deception-armor). With this rule, you can continue to cache static assets, but the rule will verify a URL's extension matches the returned `Content-Type`.
```
Maybe we could point readers here instead, since it mentions the specific settings you need to use.

In the newsfeed example above, if `http://www.example.com/newsfeed` is a script that outputs a webpage, the `Content-Type` is `text/html`. On the other hand, `http://www.example.com/newsfeed/foo.jpg` is expected to have `image/jpeg` as `Content-Type`. When a mismatch that could result in a Web Cache Deception attack is found, Cloudflare does not cache the response.

### Exceptions

- If the returned `Content-Type` is `application/octet-stream`, the extension does not matter because that is typically a signal to instruct the browser to save the asset instead of to display it.
- Cloudflare allows `.jpg` to be served as `image/webp` or `.gif` as `video/webm` and other cases that we think are unlikely to be attacks.

> - Keep in mind that Cache Deception Armor depends upon [Origin Cache Control](/cache/concepts/cache-control/). A `Cache-Control` header from the origin, [Edge Cache TTL Cache Rule](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/settings/#edge-ttl) or Browser Cache TTL zone setting may override the protection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keep in mind that Cache Deception Armor depends upon [Origin Cache Control](/cache/concepts/cache-control/). A `Cache-Control` header from the origin, [Edge Cache TTL Cache Rule](/cache/how-to/cache-rules/settings/#edge-ttl) or [Browser Cache TTL](/cache/how-to/edge-browser-cache-ttl/set-browser-ttl/) zone setting may override the protection.
```
